# 0609

1. stir
   - stir up
   - She sat there quietly **stirring** her black coffee with a plastic spoon.
2. flexible
   - The new ship model is made of **flexible** materials.
   - We can be **flexible** about our starting data.
   - Our arrangement needs to be flexible enough to meet the needs of everyone.
3. solution
   - **solution** to the problem
4. panel
   - A **panel** of experts has disscussed the issue.
   - The walls were **panelled** in oak.
5. supreme
   - The professor's approval was a matter of **supreme** inportance to Kevin.
   - The **Superme Court** says that the convictions can stand.
6. describe
   - He started to **describe** a couple of broadleaf trees on the paper.
7. limb
   - A recklees disregard for **life and limb**
   - Going out on a **limb** to support unglamorous causes.
8. circumstance
   - under no circumstances
   - in/under the circumstances
   - **Under no circumstances** can we betray our country.
   - **Under no circumstances** are you allowed to enter this room.
   - Only under special circumstances are freshmen permitted to take make-up tests.
9. mess
   - mess up
   - mees about/around
   - mess with
   - After school, the naughty kids made a total **mess** in the bathroom.
   - The economy of this country is in a **mess** now.
   - Henry's resignation **messed up** all my arrangements.
10. core
   - at the core of
   - to the core
   - Concern for the environment is **at the core of** our organization's policies.
   - Bob was shaken **to the core** by the news.