# 0611

1. grant
   - As my wife, I think you should **grant** me this favor.
   - federal **grants** for scientific research
   - You should **grant** them access only to the resources that they require.
   - take it for granted
   - Ann **took it for granted** that Edward would marry her.
2. bond
   - They would be **bonded** together in love for ever.
   - To some extent, the trouble had strengthened the **bond** between me and my parents.
   - social bond
   - We all live in a society with complex **social bonds**.
3. staff
   - They will not bring real benifits to the **staff**.
   - the hotel staff
   - He bucked at the suggestion to reduce his **staff**.
   - staff up
   - The company needs to **staff up** new employees.
4. intermediate
   - intermediate level
   - intermediate product
   - This exercise aimed at students at the **intermediate level**.
5. guitar
6. comprehensive
   - The police wanted a more **comprehensive** investigation of your status.
   - Our company offers the customers a **comprehensive** range of financial products.
7. presence
   - in one's presence
   - presence of mind
   - The boy pretended to study hard **in his mother's presence**.
   - in the presence of
   - The talks took place **in the presence of** an ambassador.
   - The **presence** and kindness of Sally impressed John very much.
8. appliance
   - What is the cost of repairing an **appliance**.
   - appliance industry
   - There's plenty of space for all the kitchen **appliances**.
   - Household **appliances** are the company's bread-and-butter goods.
9. emergency
   - an emergency plan
   - emergency room
10. solve
    - He has **solved** the problem of eating the steak.
    - The riddle couldn't be **solved** by the child.
    - The government's reform did nothing to **solve** the problem of unemployment.