# 0618

1. boost
   - The biggest longevity **boost** seems to come from marriage or equivalent relationship.
   - In the past, falling oil prices have given a **boost** to the world economy, but recent forecasts for global growth have been toned down, even as oil prices sink lower and lower.
2. fund
   - For example, but for the savings and loan debacle, there might be **funds** available to reduce the national debt and pay for education.
   - We donate to the school endowment **fund** every year.
   - The new project was cancelled because of lack of **funds**.
3. incredible
4. abroad
   - go abroad
   - We must learn how to give gifts before **going abroad**.
5. stiff
   - But seriously, the leading lady seems a little **stiff**.
6. rug
   - The old lady was seated in her chair at the window, a **rug** over her knees.
7. stimulate
   - Imagination is a valuable quality and motivating power, and **stimulates** achievement.
   - Recycling **stimulates** the local economy by creating jobs.
   - It is a complex yet **stimulating** book.
   - Your encouragement will **stimulate** me to further efforts.
8. fame
   - wealth and fame
   - win fame
9. consume
   - be consume with
   - Some develop countries **consume** natural resources in huge quantities.
   - After the accident, the driver **was consumed with** guilt.
10. accelerate
    - The government took measures to **accelerate** the pace of economic growth.
    - The world economy will **accelerate** in 2008 despite recent oil price fears.
    - How do you plan to **accelerate** the development of these technologies.
    - Or you can choose to **accelerate** your growth and intentionally devour life and all it offers.