# 1012B

1. remain
   - For all its success, the United States **remains** deeply hesitant about sustaining the research-university model.
2. abstract
   - He doesn't like **abstract** paintings.
   - Talking about educational problem in the **abstract** just isn't enough.
3. stretch
   - strech one's mind
   - His feet are **stretched** out to an electric heater.
   - The civil war **stretched** over eight years.
   - Carl can keep awake forty-eight hours at **stretch** without sleeping.
4. approximate
   - approximate to
   - Your story **approximated** the facts they already knew.
   - Our **approximate** time of arrival will be 12:30.
   - Your story only **approximates to** the real facts.
5. striking
   - What is the most **striking** feature of the University of Phoenix?
6. abuse
   - abuse one's authority
   - abuse of one's power
   - I will get angry if you **abuse** my professor.
   - Gordon **abused** his position as mayor to give jobs to his friends.
   - It's reported that some nursing home patients were neglected or **abused**.
   - I was left shouting **abuse** as the car sped off.
7. interpretation
   - One possible **interpretation** is that they want you to resign.
   - It's difficult to put an **interpretation** on his behavior.
8. string
   - string with
   - string out
9. illustrate
   - a real estate recruiter we worked with **illustrate** the positive difference such training can make.
10. helpful
    - The following information may be **helpful** to readers.
    - Thank you for your **helpful** advice.
